# AIP_GSOC_Challenge
### Title: AIP Coding Challenge for GSOC
### Project Description: 
This is a tool written in Python that automatically retrieves the blocklists generated by the AIP tool, every 24 hours and stores them in a folder without overwriting the previous days contents.
The source of the blocklists retrieved is configurable and extensible and any number of sources can be added in the future without modifying the script.

Tech used: Python

### Working of the project:
The project iterates over all the sublinks of the URL's provided in the sources. For each sublink, if it finds a file with .csv extension, it downloads it and 
adds a date timestamp to it(if the file is not present). If present, it skips storing it again.

Similarly, the tool works for offline files stored in the offline_folders array in the sources.json file. The downloaded blocklists(from both online and offline sources) can be viewed in the blocklists_downloaded folder.


#### Files and folders:
sources.json: It is used to store the list of sources from which blocklists have to be retrieved. There are two types of them URL's stored under sources and offline sources stored under offline_folders

aip assignment.py: It is the main python tool to generate the blocklists

blocklists_downloaded: It is the folder in which the generated blocklists from online and offline are stored along with a timestamp indictaing date of generation

blocklists_offline: It is the folder in which the set of offline blocklist sources(in .csv form) are stored

### How to run the project:
1. Clone the repository on your local system: git clone https://github.com/anusha-shanbhog/AIP_GSOC_Challenge

2. Add the blocklist sources in the sources.json file

2. Run the tool aip assignment.py in Python

3. Check the blocklists_generated folder to view the output
